configure sample to work with LocalStack (#16)
localstack/sample-serverless-rds-proxy-demo: README.md

| Services     | API gateway, RDS Proxy, Lambda, Amazon Aurora                                    |
| Integrations | Serverless Framework, SAM, AWS SDK, Cloudformation     |
| Categories   | Serverless, Lambda Functions, Load Testing |
| Level        | Intermediate                                                         |
| Github       | [Repository link](https://github.com/localstack/sample-serverless-rds-proxy-demo) |     

# Introduction

This project demos benefits of using RDS proxy with serverless workload which depends on relational database like RDS Aurora.
Project shows end to end automated setup of RDS Aurora(PostgreSQL) with RDS proxy. Basic serverless architecture is set up 
using API gateway HTTP API and Lambda Functions.

> Project sets up two endpoints with HTTP API, one which talks directly to RDS Aurora cluster and the other which talks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample sets up two endpoints with HTTP API, one which talks directly to RDS Aurora cluster and the other one which talks 
```

via RDS Proxy. It provides load testing setup to measure the benefits of using RDS proxy in terms of connection pooling 
and elasticity.

This project assumes you already have RDS Aurora PostgreSQL cluster up and running. An RDS proxy instance

> is also setup with force IAM authentication enabled. You can choose to create rds cluster with proxy following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is also setup with force IAM authentication enabled. You can choose to create the RDS cluster with proxy following 
```

```shell
export LOCALSTACK_API_KEY=<your-api-key>
localstack start
```

> If you prefer running LocalStack in detached mode, you can add the `-d` flag to the `localstack start` command, and use Docker Desktop to view the logs.

## Instructions

You can build and deploy the sample application on LocalStack by running our `Makefile` commands. Run `make deploy` to create the infrastructure on LocalStack. Run `make stop` to delete the infrastructure by stopping LocalStack.

Alternatively, here are instructions to deploy it manually step-by-step.

### Deploy RDS Aurora Cluster with RDS Proxy

**Note:** If you have already provisioned RDS Aurora cluster with RDS Proxy, you can skip 
this step and follow [these steps](#deploy-serverless-workload-using-rds-aurora-as-backend) instead.

This stack will take care of provisioning RDS Aurora PostgreSQL along with RDS proxy fronting it inside
a VPC with 3 private subnet. Required parameters needed by [next step](#deploy-serverless-workload-using-rds-aurora-as-backend)
is also provided as stack output.

```bash
    samlocal build -t rds-with-proxy.yaml --use-container
    samlocal deploy -t rds-with-proxy.yaml --guided

> ```

Reviewer: Q: do we also need to create the user in that step, e.g. by running `create-user.py`?

![img.png](images/artillery.png)

### Testing the application

> Before starting load testing, make sure `target` in files `load-no-proxy.yml` and  `load-proxy.yml` is update with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting with load testing, make sure to update the `target` attribute in the files `load-no-proxy.yml` and `load-proxy.yml` with the
```
